---
layout:     post
title:      CS 61B
subtitle:   
date:       2020-05-19
author:     Zichao
header-img: img/ghostdoll.jpeg
catalog: true
tags:
    - leetcode
    - paper
---

## CS 61B 第一节课：

* Polymorphism: The ability to have one method call work on several different classes of objects, even if those classes need different implementations of the method call. For example, one line of code might be able to call the "addItem" method on every kind of List, even though adding an item to a ShoppingList is complelely different from adding an item to a ShoppingCart.

* Inheritance: A class may inherit properties from a more general class. For example, the ShoppingList class inherits from the List class the property of storing a sequence of items.

* ```
    int x;
    x = 1;
 ```

This Java declaration does two things:
1. It allocates a chunk of memory big enough to store an integer, which Java calls type "int".
2. It names the variable (chunk of memory) "x".


* Java programs must be compiled before you can run them. Compilation converts your wirtten code to a machine-readable bytecode.

* A complicated input program:
``` 
    import java.io.*;

    class SimpleIO {
        public static void main (String[] arg) throws Exception {
            BufferedReader keybd = 
                new BufferedReader(new InputStreamReader(System.in));
            System.out.println(keybd.readLine());
        }
    }
```

* Classes for Web Access
```
    import java.net.*;
    import java.io.*;

    class WHWWW {
        public static void main(String arg[]) throws Exception {
            URL u = new URL("http://www.whitehouse.gov/");
            InputStream ins = u.openStream();
            InputStreamReader isr = new InputStreamReader(ins);
            BufferedReader whiteHouse = new BufferedReader(isr);
            System.out.println(whiteHouse.readLine());
        }
    }
```

## CS 61B 第二节课：

* Defning Class

* Constructor: Java provides every class with a default constructor, which takes no parameters and does no initialization

* The "this" Keyword: `You CANNOT change the value of "this"`. 

* The "static" Keyword: `A static field is a single variable shared by a whole class of objects.` It is a value that does not change from object to object. It can be changed while each object will have the same value. Methods can be static as well. A static method doesn't implicitly pass an object as a parameter. `The main() method is also static.` There no "This" in a static method.